# DXDao

### Governor

- DAOstac

### Governance

2 types of tokens REP, DXD. 

- REP is gaining for contribution (any member) and using for on-chain voting (Alchemy). REP is non-transferrable on Etherium.
    - Voting power is derived through REP, a non-transferrable asset on the Ethereum blockchain. REP holders govern the DXdao ecosystem. REP is accrued through a single Ethereum address, which is used to vote on proposals. **Like reputation in the real world, more REP is accrued when a community member contributes to DXdao, and – in contrast – the less a member participates, the member loses REP through inflation.**
- DXD is transferrable open market token. DXD holders can vote off chain on Snapshot. REP token holders should respect those decisions
    - DXD is the DXdao native ERC20 token. DXD token holders own future access to a suite of services, premium features, and a portion of fees accrued in the decentralised applications that the DXdao community creates.

Currently, DXD holders do not have direct on-chain voting power over DXdao treasury decisions. Anyone can make proposals on Alchemy.

The DAO uses Holographic consensus

- Proposals are passed through a majority vote of REP holders, but in order to scale its decision-making, DXdao employs holographic consensus to pass proposals with just a relative majority. With holographic consensus, when a regular proposal is submitted, anyone can stake on the outcome of the proposal and if it reaches a certain threshold of staked tokens, it is “boosted” and can be passed with a relative majority.

### Platforms

- **DAOtalk**
    
    [DAOtalk.org](https://daotalk.org/c/dx-dao/15) is DXdao’s forum of choice for presenting formal proposals to the DXdao community. This is the place to present and receive feedback for an on-chain vote regarding DXdao strategy, a contributor proposal, or other initiative. Proposals at this stage are often modified to reflect the signal received from the DXdao community in the comments section and polls
    
- **Snapshot**
    
    DXD holders use Snapshot to create polls for a variety of governance-related topics of DXdao. If you are a DXD holder and would like to create a proposal regarding a particular topic for DXD holders to vote on, go to the [snapshot page](https://snapshot.page/#/dxd.eth/).
    
    REP holders are committed to respecting the majority wishes of DXD holders, and strongly take into consideration any signal given from a DXD holder Snapshot poll.
    
- **Alchemy**
    
    [Alchemy](https://alchemy.daostack.io/dao/0x519b70055af55a007110b4ff99b0ea33071c720a) is DXdao’s on-chain governance system that was created by DAOstack. On DXdao’s Alchemy portal, REP holders can vote for on-chain proposals for the budgeting, resource allocation, and strategy decisions of DXdao.
    

### **Squads**

Each squad has a squad leader that is the point of contact for inter-squad coordination and new contributors. The squad leader takes on an organizational role in roadmapping strategy and tracking the progress of contributors within the squad. This is a relatively new position that has been recently created in DXdao. The intention is to have rotating squad leaders.

**Current DXdao Squads**:

- Business Development
- Ecosystem and Product Development
- Governance
- Marketing / Communications / Community
- Mesa
- Omen
- Swapr

### Contributor

Onboarding process: bounties, jobs

[https://dxdocs.eth.link/docs/ContributorHub/contributor-onboardingn](https://dxdocs.eth.link/docs/ContributorHub/contributor-onboarding/)

To recieve reward it's required to submit a on chain contributor proposal. Based on feedback it will evaluated by community.

### Links

[Governance (eth.link)](https://dxdocs.eth.link/docs/Governance/)

[DXDao - Dao для Defi продуктов - Проекты - cp0x - Форум о блокчейне и криптовалютах](https://cp0x.com/topic/540-dxdao-dao-dlya-defi-produktov/?tab=comments#comment-10236)

[Manifesto (eth.link)](https://dxdocs.eth.link/docs/Manifesto/)