# ENS

Your web3 username, a name for all your cryptocurrency addresses, and decentralised websites.

### Governor

- Snapshot

### Governance

- Discourse Forum: For discussion on governance proposals and working group discussions.
- Snapshot: For off-chain voting on proposals.
- Tally: View ENS DAO information on proposals, Delegates, and delegate your voting power.
- Sybil: For on-chain voting and viewing Delegates.

There are three main types of governance proposal:

- Executable Proposal: This is a proposal for a series of smart contract operations to be executed by accounts the DAO controls. These can include transfers of tokens as well as arbitrary smart contract calls. Examples of this include allocating funding to a workstream multisig wallet, or upgrading an ENS core contract. Executable proposals have a quorum requirement of 1% and a require a minimum approval of 50% to pass.
- Social Proposal: This is a proposal that asks for the agreement of the DAO on something that cannot be enforced onchain. Examples of this include a proposal to change the royalty percentage for the ENS secondary market on OpenSea, or a petition to the root keyholders. SocialS proposals have a quorum requirement of 1% and require a minimum approval of 50% to pass.
- Constitutional Amendment: This is a social proposal that asks the DAO to amend the constitution. Your draft proposal should include a diff showing the exact changes you propose to make to the constitution. Rules for amending the constitution are set in the constitution itself, and currently require a quorum of 1% and a minimum approval of two thirds to pass.

### Contribution

To request access for write-access for restricted categories of the Discourse Forum and Governance channels within the Discord Server, fillig form is required

### Links

[Introduction - ENS Documentation](https://docs.ens.domains/)