# Fei

Fei is a decentralized, scalable, and DeFi-native stablecoin protocol. A core principle of Fei Protocol is its fully decentralized design and minimal dependence on any centralized assets or protocols on Ethereum. Fei Protocol has a DAO called the Fei DAO from the start. The DAO is responsible for utilizing all of the flexible and powerful features of Fei Protocol to continually enhance the protocol in an ever-evolving DeFi space.

### Governor

- Compound Governance

### Governance

Members can be changed by the Aragon DAO – a vote must be started to remove or install a new member.

This is an action that will involve the community using wMANA. 

A member of the SAB creates a vote for the community to add or remove a member of the SAB and community members use wMANA to cast their vote.

Proposals move through the following stages:

- Draft - an FIP that is open for consideration and is undergoing rapid iteration and changes. It should have an open forum discussion on tribe.fei.money
- Last Call - an FIP that is done with its initial iteration and fully specified. At this point an FIP is assigned a number, discord channel created and ready for snapshot. Snapshot should begin after at least 2 days of an FIP being in Last Call
- Accepted - an FIP that has passed snapshot with 10M quorum and been fully resourced. At this point development should begin if it hasn't already.
- Final - an FIP that has been proposed on chain and succeeded
- Failed - an FIP that has failed a snapshot or on-chain vote

To make an on-chain proposal you require at least 2.5M delegated TRIBE. Proposals need to be developed and reviewed by the Fei Core smart contracts team before being put up for vote. 

### Links

[Fei DAO - Fei Protocol](https://docs.fei.money/governance/fei-dao)