# Gnosis

GnosisDAO is a collective that uses Gnosis products to transparently guide decisions on development, support, and governance of its token ecosystem. 

### Governor

Gnosis Safe / Snapshot

### Governance

Phase 1 Ideation

- Post created on the Gnosis Forum in the GnosisDAO category
- Open-ended
- For proposals to successfully pass from Phase 1 to Phase 2, there is no formal requirement. However, if a Phase 1 proposal discussion fails to garner momentum from the community, it is unlikely to become a successful proposal.

Phase 2 Specification

- Gnosis Improvement Proposal (GIP)
- 5 days
- For proposals to successfully pass from Phase 2 to Phase 3, there must be one outcome with a relative majority of votes on the forum poll. If the relative majority of votes on the forum poll indicates the result Make no changes, the proposal will not pass to Phase 3.

Phase 3 Consensus

- Gnosis Improvement Proposal (GIP)
- GnosisDAO Snapshot poll
- 7 days
- For proposals to be accepted in this final phase, there must be one outcome with a relative majority of GNO used for signalling on the GnosisDAO Snapshot poll accompanied by a yes-voting quorum of a minimum of 4%[1] of the circulating supply of GNO. If the relative majority of GNO used in signalling on the Snapshot poll indicates the result Make no changes, the proposal will not be accepted and considered closed.

In the GnosisDAO governance process, the final phase opens proposals to a signaling method using GNO Tokens.

The GnosisDAO Snapshot space hosts polls to determine a proposal’s outcome. To signal in a GnosisDAO Snapshot poll, you must hold a minimum of 1 GNO. 

### Working Groups

Organization is driving by the Gnosis team, community makes decision on DAO / protocol / treasury

### Links

[README: GnosisDAO Governance Process - GnosisDAO - Gnosis](https://forum.gnosis.io/t/readme-gnosisdao-governance-process/736)

[https://blog.gnosis.pm/gnosisdao-governance-tutorial-8257f5a1adb4](https://blog.gnosis.pm/gnosisdao-governance-tutorial-8257f5a1adb4)