# Sourcecred

SourceCred (in the most basic sense) is a technology that makes the labor of individuals more visible and rewardable as they work together in a project or community. It based on 2 following entities:

## Cred

Cred is a score which is earned by making contributions to a project. A participant's score reflects how valuable their contributions were to the project. Participants are then rewarded with digital currency, or "[Grain](https://sourcecred.io/docs/beta/grain)", based on their Cred.

- **Cred is community-specific**
- **Cred is not transferable**
- **Cred is retroactive**
- **Cred is transparent**

Cred is computed by an algorithm. The algorithm is open-source, and all of the data and parameters are public. This means that Cred scores are transparent: it's always possible to inspect a Cred score and find out how it was computed.

## Grain

Grain is a community-specific digital currency that is issued on the basis of [Cred scores](https://sourcecred.io/docs/beta/cred). If cred answers the question "*who provided value*?", Grain answers ***"how should we reward people given the value they provided?"***

- Grain is transferable
- Grain is opt-in

Grain can be used for:

- Pay contributors based on their cred scores.
- Build apps that use Grain scores as certificates. For instance, anyone who stakes some amount of Grain score gets edit permissions on Google Docs.

SourceCred currently has two policies for how a project distributes Grain:

- Immediate: splits Grain evenly based on how much Cred each participant earned in the last week. (This policy ignores all Cred from previous weeks, and is intended to give fast rewards to active participants).
- Balanced: splits Grain based both on lifetime Cred and on lifetime Grain earnings.

### Links

[SourceCred | SourceCred](https://sourcecred.io/)